Once upon a time in a faraway land there lived a young lion called Vera. She had a beautiful sheen of golden fur, a muscular frame, and heterochromatic eyes of green and blue. All the other animals in the land were terrified of her because legend told that animals with multicolored eyes were cursed. They all belived her to be the greatest predatory threat in their jungle, and never walked near her home after dusk for fear of being eaten. However, Vera had a secret: she was a vegetarian. Vera felt too ashamed to tell her lion friends about her unique diet, and no other animal would hang around her long enough to hear about it. So, after years of living in the dark, Vera decidedto open a vegetarian restaurant to come clean about her secret lifestyle. 

Vera's vegan restaurant was like a bomb dropping in the lion community. Many other lions judged her diet and despised her.  However, she also found many other lions were secretly doing a vegetarian diet. They also got discriminated against when they visit Vera's restaurant. Vera and her vegan fellows were under heavy social pressure, and they felt they were mistreated just because of their diets. Vera could not bear this anymore, and she stood out for all vegetarian animals by giving a speech at the front of Lion Mountain. Thousands of vegetarians came to attend. With cheering from the crowd, Vera began her speech: "I have a dream......"

"I have a dream that one day all lions will be viewed equally. I have a dream that one day all lions will be respected. That which we are vegan, omnivores, or carnivores doesn't matter. Let them mock us. Let them mistreat us, for in the near future, they will come to see how wrong they were. We will not back down from this mistreatment, but we will also not resort to violence. History has shown us that peaceful protests were the most successful ones. Remember, my fellow lions, that what we do here will not be in vain. It will be preached upon for the next generations to come! Thank you." *Loud clapping*. All the lions roared with joy and it felt like a new age was coming...    

Vera's presentation earned her great reputation around the world. The lion government posted new laws to support vegan lions, under increasing peaceful protests. As time goes by, vegan, vegetarian, omnivores, and carnivores lions are all treated equally...

After years of hard work and advocacy, Vera and all her fellow lions grew to understand and share tolerance with one another. This movement made waves in other groups of animals. The Grizzly bears even started an alliance to stop eating defenseless hikers, and instead resort to a soy based protein to appease their enourmous post-hibertaion diets. All in all, Vera became a very happy lion with many, diverse animal friends. Her work set an example to all creatures, and she spent the rest of her days joyfully working in her restaurant and writing cookbooks on the side.
